Wow, that was fast.
Well, good evening everybody.
Thank you for joining us tonight.
I don't know where Braden wants to go from here.
I've got my microphone, but I had a really interesting conversation yesterday on the phone.
Every year, I evaluate where we are, what the Lord has done, and what we could do better.
Especially now that we're in ministry, I evaluate the intimacy level—checking your thermostat, as I call it.
Where is your thermostat with God?
How are things?
If you were to get your report card or your evaluation at work for how you did for the year—your review for the year—and the boss comes in and says, 'Well, you could have done this better, or you did this really well, and your progress report was pretty good, so we'll give you a raise or keep you where you are.
' I go over things with the Father like that all the time at the end of the year.
I always evaluate and write things down because I don't want to be where I am at this time next year.
I look and see if I made any progress spiritually.
After I had a really interesting conversation with a mega-minister yesterday—he called and wanted to talk to me—I asked some questions that I normally don't ask, but the Lord told me to ask him because he would have the answers.
I asked about a lot of mega-prophets and how come they didn't sustain in ministry or why they went home early.
I asked what happened to some of these prophetic voices that have gone before us.
He went over the details of why some of these major voices that used to be—that are no more—fell, and why their ministries faltered.
He knew a lot of the answers.
As we were talking, it really bothered me.
One person was messed up with homosexuality.
One was messing around with golden idols.
There were so many different things.
As I heard it all, I paused.
They all started out really good with great intentions and great intimacy with the Father.
You don't get there without intimacy.
But what went wrong?
I'm not going to reveal these men's names, but as I was thinking about people I had looked up to and admired, you see the slow fade after year after year of ministry.
I didn't get the answer right off.
I was praying all last night and seeking the Lord because of the things He's showing me.
As you're checking your thermostat of where you are with the Father, you have to ask, 'How is my relationship with God?
' I don't ever want to be arrogant and say, 'That will never happen to me,' because these people, in my opinion, were the best over the years.
How do you stay on the right road?
How do you self-evaluate?
I woke up this morning and the Lord spoke to me in my sleep.
He said, 'Intimacy is what gets you there with Me, and intimacy is what will keep you there.
' So many times, these ministers start with healings, demonstrations, and manifestations, but they lose the intimacy with the Father.
The gift is separate from intimacy.
Intimacy is how you got the gift, but it's not how you sustain it.
Over time, you get so caught up—because it's trying to happen to me—with the pulling on the gift that you believe walking underneath that mantle is intimacy for the day.
You're so busy with all the people pulling on you that you don't separate yourself to have the intimacy that got the gift in the first place.
It becomes robotic.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, it's a slow fade.
Many of the ministers you were told about yesterday started out just like you—on fire and effective.
But the gift and callings of God are without repentance.
' You can operate in a gift while there is stuff going on in your personal life because the gift is without repentance.
You qualify for it, but if you cut yourself off the vine, you don't die instantaneously.
Intimacy keeps you on the vine.
You cannot let intimacy with the Father die, or eventually, your ministry will be short-lived.
You cannot rely just on the experience of healings and demonstrations.
I always tell you that covering comes on me and I can feel it when I'm praying, but the Lord was warning me: just because you have that impartation at that time doesn't mean you're walking in intimacy with Me.
You have to check your spiritual thermostat.
They are two different things.
He's been talking to me about evaluating your progress report.
I'm real open about things, and I learn as I go.
Some of the elders who went before us, like Jack Coe, were warned about their weight.
He was in his 30s when he passed away.
What a tragic thing for somebody who walked in so much creative miracles to only have a ministry last until their 30s.
This is so taxing, with so much demand.
If you keep going down the road—because some people were committing adultery or were homosexual—the Lord warned them, 'If you keep going down this road, you're going to hell.
' The word of the Lord came up so strong about this stuff that it shook me.
I even knew a man personally who was messing around on his wife for two years prior to getting caught.
The only reason he got caught was a text message.
People ask how he kept preaching.
He said the word is truth regardless.
So I'm just preaching the word.
It's okay; I knew that if I could just keep preaching the word, it didn't matter about my personal life because the word always stands by itself.
I believe that was it, wasn't it?
And I was just thinking that is such a dangerous place to be.
But just going over your year for 2025 and going into 2026 and looking at what God has for you so that you take what you did well into the year and strip off the bad things.
And the Lord told me, 'Brandon, I've warned and warned my people.
' It keeps stirring up inside of me, what the Lord told me to say about 2026 and 1 Corinthians 5:5.
As I lay there this morning and listened to the Father, I said, 'God, help me.
Search me, know me, create in me a clean heart.
Strip all this stuff off.
Whatever it takes, intimacy with Me is more important than anything else.
Who cares if the platform pulls you away from the Father?
If you're so distracted with the platform, then it's time to prune it.
Does that make sense?
He's first.
Intimacy is everything to have a relationship—the fellowship that got you there in the first place—to sustain it.
That's where dryness comes in.
There's so much dryness.
I see pastors teaching out of their dryness and there's no good word.
I even talked to one man and he said, 'It's interesting.
I can go into a service and they're still preaching on something that they were preaching 30 years ago.
Thirty years later, they don't have any new wine or new wineskins, continually preaching the same thing.
' You get to the point where you ask, 'Do you not have any fresh Rhema from God?
' Now, I know Brother Hagin taught Mark 11:23-24, but there was an anointing on it when he preached it.
You could feel the tangible presence of God when he taught that.
So obviously, in those cases, it was meant for him to preach.
Now, for some of these other people, it's like going into the Mojave Desert and wondering, 'Why am I even here?
' It's interesting when you talk to people who have been through the trenches, like the person I talked to yesterday and another one of my mentors.
It's been interesting, the people who have called.
You get to meditate on these things and walk away thinking, 'I don't want to say I'll never do that.
' I always want to self-evaluate and be humble about it.
I'm not saying I'm better than them; heavens, no.
For some of these people, I couldn't even tie their shoelaces.
But if you don't self-evaluate your relationship and look at your thermostat with God, you'll drift off easily.
Just because you have a call and there's a mantle or an impartation on that call doesn't mean that your intimacy level is good.
You must self-evaluate all the time and say, 'Father, how are you and I?
Not the ministry.
How am I with you?
How are things going?
Am I doing okay?
Am I pleasing to you?
' After I sat and wept on the floor, He gave me a word.
That word was intimacy.
It was private for me, but I'm very thankful for where I am with my Father.
Yes, there are things you can work on.
Ultimately, if you cut yourself from the vine, you don't instantaneously dry up and die.
It's a slow fade.
You are dying instantaneously, but the branch always has life for a little bit.
You can even cut it and see green underneath the bark.
The leaves start to wither first, the fruit fades, and all of a sudden, what was once alive becomes dead because He's the true source.
I realized as I listened that I don't want to be a statistic in ministry.
So as I focus on what could be done better in 2026, I want the capacity to reach the lost to increase.
The capacity for healing must increase—not just physical healing, but mental and emotional healing.
There are so many people on our email list dealing with mental drama.
I try to be a place of refreshing for all people to come and drink from, so that when they are here, they get a fresh touch from the Holy Ghost.
The only way you can give—'Silver and gold have I none, but such as I have give I thee: In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and walk'—is through intimacy.
They had been with Jesus.
They were unlearned, uneducated men who had been with Jesus.
That's what the Bible says.
The world marveled because they had been with Jesus.
It's not just being with Him once; it's being with Him continually, sitting at His feet.
It's the intimacy with the Father that says, 'Jesus, I'm here.
I need You to change me and take me from glory to glory.
' In Diana's and my case, we practice what we preach when we say we walk in love—sowing even when you don't want to sow, giving and being where God tells you to be.
It's interesting because we laugh about things.
We always say Joyce Meyer talks about how in the kingdom of God, a lot of things are backwards.
When people treat you badly, you don't go after them or be mean; you walk in love.
When you sow, you give your money away to believe God for extra.
Everything seems awkward, upside down, and inside out.
We love Joyce Meyer, don't we?
Everything goes against your flesh.
When you think, 'Lord, are You going to release me from this church to move on because of this and that?
' and the Lord says, 'No, I want you to stay,' and you keep working things out, it makes your flesh scream.
If your flesh isn't screaming, you aren't growing spiritually.
You need to know this.
When He says to clean toilets for years, do it with a good heart—without grumbling and complaining.
Live in a shotgun house for 20 years.
Do what I've asked without grumbling and complaining.
Do all that you do, in word and deed, to the glory of God, and He'll release you.
Do it with a joyful heart.
The willing and obedient will eat the good of the land, not the grudging.
There are so many times the Lord tells Diana and me to do something against our flesh.
He says, 'I want you to sow this.
' I think, 'Are you kidding me?
' But then I say, 'Okay, I'll do it.
' But I can't do it with a grudging heart; I have to do it with joy.
'I love a cheerful giver, Brandon.
' So I do it with a cheerful attitude and walk in love.
This happens to me all the time.
The Lord says, 'This is molding you.
If you do what I tell you, you'll go to the next level.
I'm watching your heart.
' In a vision, I saw a path of white; it was beautiful but skinny, with no edges.
As far as the eye could see, it was a dimension.
I pulled out of it because it freaked me out.
I had to meditate on it because the Lord was dealing with me.
I saw the nose.
I saw a cheek, and I saw the side of a mouth.
His face was right on the edge of the path, but his eye was all I could see.
I didn't say this, but he spoke to me in an audible voice in my house.
That's why it freaked me out.
I heard it.
And he says, 'I'm watching you.
I'm watching you.
' And that's why I started singing His Eye Is on the Sparrow, for I know he watches me.
That's why I sang that song because he said to me, 'I'm watching you, Brandon.
I'm watching you and how you make these decisions and these choices.
Do you qualify to go to the next level?
Do you qualify to get more?
I have more in store in 2026.
I have more in store in the days ahead.
' But do you qualify for it?
What qualifies you?
Obedience.
Listening whenever your flesh screams.
Will you qualify, ladies and gentlemen, for what God has for you by obedience?
Obedience is better than sacrifice.
And it's not always easy when he tells you...
when people call and say, 'I got another call yesterday to go to the White House.
' This is the fourth time.
To go to the White House, fourth time.
'No, don't go.
Not yet.
' 'Well, you need to give me an answer.
' I could have been there today at the White House.
It could have been very interesting to meet Jentezen Franklin and Paula White again and another man.
These people...
I always butcher his name, that's why I don't try to say it.
It's his Spanish name, a pastor from Miami.
That's what I say.
Sorry, I know he's probably watching; I don't mean to be rude.
It's just I'm not real good with names sometimes, but all the opportunities that come across your path, you're so thankful for what God opens the door maybe, but at the same time, I want to make sure I don't do things without hearing him.
So I say, I was taught by another prophetic voice: go low, go slow.
Don't do anything quick.
If it needs a quick answer, tell them no.
Go low, go slow inside.
And that's what we do.
It's very...
and I learned that's what keeps you on balance.
Do you want to read what the Lord said?
Because he said it a lot better when you get it on recording.
'Love, Diana.
' 'Oh, I thought you said it perfect.
You want me to still read it?
' 'No.
Did I say it perfect?
' 'You said it beautiful.
' Okay, love.
I just want to make sure because I want to communicate it where people get this, because if you don't listen to what I'm telling you, I truly believe with all my heart that people won't make it in ministry, just like we've seen.
And I keep trying to go and I want so bad for longevity, but not just longevity where you see mega-ministers with big houses, big cars, big planes, runways, whatever, with hundreds of millions in the bank, whatever TV program.
Listen, folks, I'm just into him.
The byproduct of following him is blessing.
I get that.
But where I'm at right now is I want that anointing so strong that whenever people see it, they see Jesus in me and they say, 'Brandon, what must I do to be saved?
What must I do to be saved?
' I am so broken that when my shadow passes by, the power of God radiates out of me so strong that they get healed by the Holy Ghost because the glory of the Lord is inside of me.
Silver and gold have I none, but such as I have give I thee.
I think about them all the time—the disciples—and they walked...
they had been with Jesus.
What does it take to stay with Jesus in these modern days with all these distractions, with all the social media and all these things, and you've got to get money and you've got to raise your kids and go to church?
You've got all these things and all these voices, and I just keep the main thing the main thing.
And it's like my friend Billy says—call him my mentor now, my spiritual father: 'Go vertical, Brandon.
You must stay vertical and keep humble.
' The longevity, even in your ministry, is to maintain humility in these last days.
I always listen to him; maintain humility.
There's so much arrogance and so much pride in people, and God resists the proud.
He gives grace to the humble and in due time, he said he would exalt you.
So, in humility...
and I thought, is humility always just saying, 'It's not me, brother.
I just want everybody to know it's all Jesus inside of me,' but inside you're just weak with arrogance?
Because I see some people, they take pictures with their Gucci pants and they've got their stuff on there and they say, 'We just want to make the religious people squirm.
' Arrogant, stinking...
and you look at them with their big jet behind them.
'We just want to make the religious people squirm.
' Arrogant?
Are you kidding me?
You're just full of pride, just oozing with pride, sir.
And I already know what the Lord says about it.
But I don't bust on people who have planes, but I do bust on arrogance.
Regardless of whether you think you're not, it's arrogance.
There are a lot of people who say, 'I'm not trying to brag,' but they're full of bragging.
Full of bragging!
That's all you're doing is just bragging about what you got.
'$35 million.
' You say you're not bragging?
'I'm not bragging, I'm just bragging on Jesus.
' Okay, whatever.
That's all you talk about: big houses, big cars.
Because out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
'As a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.
' What is more important?
What are you always talking about?
Souls.
I'm going to be real with you.
You know what my flex is going to be?
When you say, 'I got a hundred million people saved.
' A hundred million people got born again.
Now, that's a flex.
All glory to Jesus, though.
I don't care.
You could take your money and put it...
I'm telling you, when I get on the other side and I'm standing before Jesus, I want him to say, 'Brandon, you did good, boy.
You got a hundred million people saved, son.
' It won't be, 'Brandon, you know what?
You got a billion dollars in the bank.
Well done.
' He's not going to say that.
'You believe me for that billion dollars and I saw that you had it in your bank account and I'm really impressed with that.
' What does he care about the most?
Souls.
He died for every single one of you.
When he looks at his hands and he shows them to me, and humongous holes were in them...
humongous holes.
He said, 'I suffered for you.
I suffered for all of them.
Would you help me bring in the harvest?
' Brandon, that's my heart.
My heart is the harvest, not how many zeros you have in your bank account.
And there are so many pompous, arrogant preachers that I cannot stand to even watch because of how arrogant you are about your finances and all that you have and all that you bank up in your accounts.
I hear about it and it's a stench before the body of Christ as you try to make excuses for everything you have.
Billion-dollar homes, whatever...
a million dollars.
I don't care that you have it, but let's get the people saved.
Jesus looks and he shows me his hands and he says, 'Look at my hands, Brandon.
I died for every single one of them.
Will you help me?
' I know God's people will be blessed if you do right.
When you give, it shall be given unto you: good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over.
Will men give into your bosom.
It's part of the spiritual law, but it's not where my focus is at.
You've lost your focus.
You've lost your first love.
You fall in love with the world, you're an enemy of God.
If you have fallen in love with the world, how can you say the things you say?
"Well, you know, I'm trying to make people jealous, envious, stir up the religious spirits," people say.
I said, "Okay, but man, don't you want to stir up the body of the world?
How do we bring people to Jesus?
How do we have the nets?
" I saw the big shrimping boats.
I saw them full.
And he said, "Brandon, I'm going to give you a big shrimping boat when it comes to souls now instead of this little boat you've had with the pole.
You bring them in, but then you'll increase and there'll be shrimping boats all over the place.
" And I saw it.
He said, "Just be faithful with what I've given you.
" But I've tried to tell you all as you look at the hands of Jesus, he died for every single one of you.
And the Lord told me, "A lot of these ministers, their hearts are good, Brandon, but they've lost their reverence.
" Being reverent, they've lost it.
Learn from their mistakes.
I know we're all works in progress, but I so desperately want when I get over there for him to say, "You did good.
You got a hundred million souls saved or whatever.
" And you said, "Now that's worth applauding.
" I hope that ministers to you tonight.
I am so tired of the way people act and the more I'm around it, it's a stench to my nose.
And you say, "Well, who cares what you think, Brandon?
" Well, I so happen to hear the heart of the Father.
I can hear it.
As you walk prophetically, you hear what's on his heart and his heartbeat, and all that is around us.
There's a lot of stench to his nose.
And they have swayed and deviated off course so much they still feel they're on that vine and they were severed years ago.
They're preaching the same stinking message they've been having for the last 30 years plus, but they've severed themselves and they think they're okay, but there's no intimacy with them.
It happens over and over.
But First Corinthians 5:5 will be for a lot of ministers this year, a lot of the body of Christ, because he said, "Brandon, judgment begins in the house of the Lord first" as 170,000 people die a day.
How many of them know my friend?
How many of them know?
But not so much that they know him, does he know them?
How many of them in the intimacy of the day?
Billions of people don't know Jesus Christ.
And that's what's sad.
You're not taking any of it with you.
It's interesting.
Did I say anything out of line?
I'm pretty open, but I always say please watch what I say.
If you don't agree with it—last night, the night before, I criticized Erica.
And I want to tell you, I'm not criticizing the young lady.
I'll tell you what I saw in a vision.
And people got so upset about that.
I got email after email.
I said, "I'm not criticizing nobody.
I'm trying to tell you what I saw.
" I saw this.
"What did you see?
You saw, Brandon, you said that there would be glory events.
" Yes.
And I stand by it 110% of what the Lord showed me, that there'll be glory events, but it goes with what I just told you.
God can use anybody, ladies and gentlemen, with the platform or whatever, but it doesn't mean they're intimate with him.
They might have been at one time.
And you say, "Well, don't judge.
" I ain't judging.
I'm telling you what I saw in my vision of what the Lord gave me.
It's not judging.
If you don't want to hear it, don't listen.
You can click off just like you clicked in.
But I have to tell you what I saw and what I'm required to tell you what the Lord says.
And so far now we'll go to what we've seen in the news.
Do you have anything, Braden?
Last night we talked about Australia.
Everybody's talking about—no, it was the New Year's Eve.
Many more people about the New Year's Eve.
We see the New Year's Eve and what the Lord showed us about "Do not stereotype.
" Can you play that?
Braden's going to play the clip of what I said on New Year's Eve about New Year's Eve and what's coming.
I want you to see this video real quick.
You have it?
You can play it and it goes with what happened in California.
Play it quick.
"Not all terrorists are Arabs.
" That's what I just heard the Lord say.
"You're looking only for Arabs, but it's an infiltration from somebody who is not.
This is not an Arab, but it's somebody who is of Muslim faith.
Just because they don't have dark skin, don't look for what's about to happen for stereotypes.
" Do you understand?
Stereotypes is the biggest deception.
You are looking only to dark skin.
It's stupid.
You must come up higher.
The plan is darker.
He's talking to the United States government.
"Don't stereotype in this.
Look to the others.
There is a plan with people you do not expect.
Look deeper in your own rats in your government.
" It's right in front of your face, but it's deep.
They've infiltrated at all levels in your malls.
A major plan bigger than you understand.
They're trying to cover their tracks.
It's on a mainframe of the computer that they're trying to do what Hillary did.
Every step they take, they've been strategic.
They're shredding the evidence.
And it's like a whitewashing of the computers everywhere they go.
But they're infiltrated in the least likely areas you expect.
Everybody's always looking for the people with the hat on and that would have a big beard and walk in and have jihad.
You know what I'm saying?
But the Lord said, "Look deeper.
It's right in front of your face.
Even in the NSA, not all terrorists are Arab.
" So, we have some terrorists that don't look normal.
Do you see them?
Four people were caught in California that are supposedly plotting; they built the bombs out in the desert.
Now they were trying to attack New Year's Eve in the Los Angeles area.
Not only that, from what I'm understanding there's more people that are being uncovered.
A major plot against the United States of America is being uncovered.
And I believe this is a result of prayer.
Now, as you see this, they don't look like terrorists to me.
They look like some white girls that just have a bad attitude.
Look at that.
Like the one girl, she looked like somebody that's trying to be a Kardashian or something.
I just thought it was interesting.
No kidding, huh?
Not stereotype, is it?
Just like the Lord said.
Don't have a stereotype.
Pro-Palestinian.
Is the one girl Asian?
She looks Asian to me on this one.
The only man looks kind of like he'd be one of them.
But isn't that interesting?
It's just like the Lord said.
Now the number two thing that we've been talking about was Sydney and what happened.
I saw Sydney, that harbor.
And when the Lord told me it will be on this side, for a major event is coming towards Australia and he showed us these things coming.
I still believe there's more.
Now, these were people that were coming against the Jewish community because they were celebrating Hanukkah, and they shot I don't know how many people.
Now, what did I tell you was coming next?
To Australia, Canada, and Toronto.
The Lord spoke to us that a major event was going to take place in Toronto and in these areas going across Canada, Australia, England, and France.
As this happens, the Lord said they would bring in more social credit scores, digital ID, and suppression.
Then people sent me, "Hey, Brandon, did you know that they're working on article C9 in Canada right now to make it where religious organizations cannot speak out against other things because it will be a hate crime?
" article C9.
Thank you, son.
So we have the persecution coming just like the Lord told us in Canada.
Now, I personally believe this would be passed because of what I saw coming next.
For I saw an uprising in the church, and there was...
now, I don't want to call them riots because I'm not inciting riots.
I saw protests—protests is a better word—very strong local protests.
That's what I will call it for YouTube censorship.
It was very strong protesting going on against your government when they come against it.
And I saw an olive press—the olives in Canada—against freedom of speech.
Does everybody remember that word that the Lord gave us?
He said, "Great persecution is coming to Canada against freedom of speech, and you will not be able to say what you want to say, even on social media, at a greater level in the days ahead.
" And I have that video, but I don't think Braden has that ready.
But we've heard it over and over again about the olive press coming to England, Australia, Canada, France, Europe, Germany, Italy, and these other areas.
And he said great persecution is coming to the church through an escalation through 2026, 2027, and 2028.
So I have been praying into what the Lord meant when he said, "You must be a learned church.
" In this last video, he said specifically—because Diamond took the notes—he said, "You must learn a different way, church, to think outside of the box concerning how to catch the people, for the old way is not going to work anymore.
" I thought, "What does that mean?
" But he was referring to the days ahead concerning how to reach the harvest.
How do you keep being relevant?
How do you keep bringing in the harvest?
But it's deeper than that; it's concerning the plague.
Because when I was on the phone with one of these mega-ministry people, he said to me, "Give them this word concerning 2028.
" And I saw into 2028 about this individual.
And the Lord was showing me 2026, 2027, and 2028 about the individual's ministry, and it was detailed.
But I saw about being able to reach air travel; restrictions on air travel are coming.
And I saw more about this as I was looking in the spirit and I was praying yesterday.
And so, you know, I know when the Lord said, "Brace yourself, church.
Brace yourself.
Be prepared.
You must come by my side.
Brace yourself for what's coming.
There's a great shaking.
" And I saw on the New Madrid fault line an 8.
4 earthquake.
People said, "Well, is that because we split Jerusalem?
" I don't know, because the one I saw on that one was over a 10, but I saw a shaking to awaken.
And the Lord said people are coming back to move into the heartland.
People are going to start to transition and move to the heartland in abundance in the days ahead.
And I thought that was interesting because the heartland is Oklahoma, Kansas, Texas, Arkansas, and Missouri, right?
Heartland—basically the Bible Belt.
So I saw the Bible Belt.
Is that New America Heartland?
I don't know.
I know that the Lord was talking about Oklahoma for sure.
He said they were moving to the heart, and I saw a major earthquake taking place, and it was a sign.
He said it will be a sign.
And I heard the Lord say, "This will be a sign of the end times, for a great shaking is going to take place on the New Madrid.
" And then I saw Thailand and Nepal, and I saw India.
It was so big that it shook the temples and rattled them completely down again.
And the Lord was showing me a major earthquake was going to take place in this area.
And I saw weather manipulation with great floods coming.
He said weather modification, weather warfare.
And he warned about this again.
And he said they would test it a lot in 2026 and 2027 for weather warfare in Thailand, China, Vietnam, and these areas.
And I saw major rains that would be by design.
He said in trying to control it, they will lose control.
The way he said it was about it costing you your life.
He said that in controlling the weather, it will cost you your life.
It was a very strong, stern warning.
But as we saw that, then I saw Italy again being split.
I saw Japan.
I've seen all these major earthquake events coming.
So, was that it, son?
Did I go over everything pretty good?
Digital ID—you saw that digital ID is rising up.
We talked about that with Australia.
I said they're really coming after you in Australia.
I saw this.
Well, now they're talking about it.
Did you see the article on their government?
Yeah.
It means the cash is trash.
It will be about the digital money because they'll have the virus on the money.
You don't want the virus, and so you won't be able to touch your money, your cash.
Now, a lot of people said, "Hey, Brandon, that's not going to happen until after the rapture of the church.
" I don't believe that.
I think we're going to see it start being implemented with the digital ID and these things happening while we are still here.
Now, how far will it be implemented?
I don't think it will be the mark of the beast where you won't be able to buy, sell, or trade—I don't think we're going to see that part—but will we see the digital process happening?
I believe so.
The implementation of the full manifestation of this, I believe, will happen with the Antichrist.
I believe it was actually after I went into the Tribulation with the Father on July 6th of 2014.
I saw how many years it takes for all this stuff to roll out.
It's the first couple of years, the peace part before the Great Tribulation in the last three and a half years.
He implements his scheme first and everybody is liking him.
Everything's great.
The digital is being implemented, the chips in the hand—it all happens and rolls out gradually.
It was a major deal.
2026 will be the year of events.
That's what he said.
So, is that it?
You said Japan split?
Yeah, I saw Japan being split again.
I saw South Korea, the Olympics...
I saw that massive dragon again, and it was turned toward the West.
And it was looking towards the West, and I saw a great shaking coming toward the West.
And we must continue to pray for our president, President Donald Trump.
We must pray for him.
And then he saw a war storm in the Middle East.
They're regrouping and brewing in the Middle East.
He said they're regrouping a war storm.
Concerning Egypt, I saw towards Egypt and Africa because it was at the tip over here and they were regrouping, and a major event is about to take place with Israel.
That's what I was trying to say.
When you look at Turkey, I saw Turkey and Syria becoming buddies and major things taking place between Syria and Turkey, and then all of a sudden I saw a major uprising coming out of Egypt.
There was something happening in Egypt on this side of Israel—not just this side, it was this side—something major was about to happen on this side.
It's always up there in that other corner, you know, and I don't even know where Gaza is, where all this stuff is going on right here.
So, it's on that side, too.
It's on this side.
I saw it, but it was more towards the northeast.
Something major was about to happen, and the Lord was warning about that.
So I try to remember everything.
It's been two days now and I write it all down because to store all this inside of me, I don't like to keep it there.
Hold fast.
He kept saying, 'Hold fast.
Don't lose your focus.
Keep your eyes on me.
Because of all that you're about to see, you must keep your eyes on me.
' For all that you will see in 2026, 2027, 2028, he said, 'For all that you're about to see, you must keep your eyes on me.
' Stay vertical.
Be by my side.
He kept calling the bride to his side.
He's talking about a major working inside of every one of us, calling us to his side in a greater capacity that we keep our eyes on the prize—basically the souls of man—that Jesus Christ is Lord of lords and King of kings.
He's come to set the captives free.
That's what I was trying to tell you all tonight.
You must know, my friend.
It's important that you become born again.
Get into a Bible-believing church and deal with whatever you've got to deal with.
Don't let anything hold you back.
Sin separates us, folks.
Don't let anything separate you.
When you sin and you're messing up, repent.
Be quick to repent.
Come under communion.
Take it daily.
Father, just mold me and make me.
You must keep yourself right before the Father by repenting and taking communion and seeking him daily.
I know it's just about having a relationship, and none of us are perfect.
We've all sinned and come short of the glory of God.
But we don't practice it; we don't live there.
It'll be like a microwave.
He said it so fast; it'll come on you so fast.
This is going to happen; it will be like a microwave.
That's what he said.
It's going to happen quick.
It won't be a slow cooker anymore.
He said the birthing pains have accelerated.
The birthing pains from September 23rd of this year have accelerated.
He said it's going to double, triple, and it's going to increase.
As labor pains upon a woman, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
Remember this.
It's going to increase to the point we're at the point of no return.
You've already told us that, right?
So now we're at that waterfall's edge.
We're seeing all these things going on.
Everybody's going, 'What are we going to do?
' Well, you push into him.
He has all the answers.
And he even said, 'You don't need a Moses.
You need me.
You don't need prophetic voices.
Out with the old, in with the new.
' That's what the world's going to say, and it's going to be in the headlines of the New York Times and Washington Post.
I saw, 'Out with the old, in with the new.
' And they're talking about new currency, all this new digital stuff.
Out with the old, in with the new.
It's coming.
As we saw crypto take a huge dump this week, I think it's major shakeouts, major fakeouts.
It's all happening just like the Lord said would happen.
Tanking.
But it's all getting ready for a new digital era, new everything.
It all comes out of the mark of the beast.
Now, how far are we from that?
I don't know, folks.
All I know is the Lord wants us to continually be seeking him and looking toward him on a daily basis, especially when we're around our unsaved loved ones this Christmas season.
Be a light.
It's not always easy, I know, but you can be a light in the darkness.
Did I highlight everything well?
I'm trying to move on.
Do they have any questions?
I don't ever want to have any confusion in the camp.
I try very hard to be very transparent with y'all.
I'll take two or three questions.
If I can answer them, if not, I'm going to move on and take communion.
We're going to pray and we can call it a day.
I started early tonight.
I was thinking, how in the world have I been talking for 31 minutes?
No, over.
Yeah, because I went through the article.
I saw Braden said, 'Joe, is it Joe Rogan?
' No.
What's that name?
Sean Ryan had the FBI director, Kash Patel, talking about the electric grid and talking about major power outages.
We've already seen that.
And it's amazing to see somebody talk about that and warn the American people.
He said our power grid is from the 1950s and 60s; we haven't upgraded it at all.
And he said, 'We are so vulnerable for a major cyber attack.
' And he said, 'All you have to do is flip the switch and take this thing down.
' And he said, 'It will take forever to get it back up.
' He talked about it and I was like, 'That's what I saw.
' And I saw three weeks—over three weeks—the power was out for some major cities.
And I thought that was interesting.
And he said, 'Japan's economy is in trouble.
Greater trouble than you understand.
' I'm not having the live, bud.
My eyes are getting better.
The bright lights are a bit much tonight.
I'll borrow your cell phone.
Share your testimony, Brandon.
Do you know when the plague will hit?
I believe the plague will hit in fall, November and December of 2027.
I don't know what you want me to share about my testimony.
It's a still, small voice.
Whenever I'm listening to the voice of the Father, he speaks to me in a still, small voice, but it's not small to me anymore.
I know when he talks, and we talk all the time throughout the day.
When you practice his presence, he becomes real to you.
And the more you get real with God, God will become more real to you.
I practice it.
And what was really hard to discern was the Father when I first started out; now, I know I can pray in the spirit and there is a download and then that cloak comes on.
Now, I'm not saying that's the way with everybody, but it is with me now.
And it's gotten more developed.
Even tonight when my little girl was sitting there talking to me and she goes, 'Daddy, what do you think about this?
' and I saw a vision and she was doing something and the Lord says, 'Stop that.
' She goes, 'I'm so thankful for the Holy Ghost in you, Daddy.
' Because I practice his presence.
He's always welcome.
And I'm listening to him all the time.
I make a way for him in the house.
Worship is playing all the time.
I have worship playing.
I have Hillsong or whoever.
I mean, whoever Paisley wants to listen to; she loves worship.
So she puts it on in the morning and plays it throughout the day.
And you walk through the house.
Our house always has worship on.
Always.
And I don't know, I just make it an atmosphere for him.
Cruise ships.
I haven't seen any more about cruise ships.
I'm praying for cruise ships.
I have a guy I know on a cruise ship right now.
I hear God by praying and talking to him just like you.
I get the word out and he'll talk about it.
But it's usually—I'm going to tell you—if I'm thinking about something, say I want to know about something private, personal, and I'm stirred up about it, the more I take my care out of my prayer and I go do something out in the yard, or maybe clean my car, maybe I'll go outside and clean my tires or something.
And when I take my mind off of it and I'm in worship and I'm singing to him and it's not something I'm fixated on, oh, I got to know the answer.
I got to know the answer.
It's the moment when he usually talks about it and it's whenever you least expect it.
A lot of times I go, "Oh, thanks.
" You know, and he'll talk, and a lot of times when I'm focused on something else, he'll talk to me about something I asked a long time ago and I wasn't even wanting the answer to that.
And I say, "You answered me something that I'm not even asking the answer to.
I asked about it how long ago, but I'm so grateful that you answered it finally.
" But I focused on this over here.
But it's the thing that he's saying: get your eyes on me.
Stop looking horizontally and get your eyes vertical, like we are talking about.
And the moment you take the care out of your prayer—a lot of times it's about Megan, you know—I was, "Oh, Lord, I'm asking about this or that," and he'll tell me the answer to something.
Medical things a lot of times that way, isn't it?
He'll talk about things.
He'll tell me things about how to cure certain things and he'll say this is how you fix that, and I have journals of it.
Certain things he'll tell me how to fix things in the body and he'll say this is how you do it, and this is what you do, and if you implement this and do that it will get better.
And it's that way a lot and it's really cool because I'm telling y'all I'm not learned.
I'm a very uneducated person, but it's all by leading on the voice of the Lord.
Everything he gives me.
And that's why my favorite book is George Washington Carver, the man who talked to the flowers.
That's my favorite book.
So, pretty much I guess I'm done.
Australia's on fire.
I saw that.
I started praying.
I told you all I was 16 years old.
My first vision.
I was praying for my mom's friend.
She was dealing with some occult and her boyfriend was a very rich businessman and he was a practicing Satanist and her name was Marsha.
And I remember I was praying for this woman and they were big in real estate.
Her boyfriend was very big in real estate and he was very demonic.
And I was interceding for this and I was praying and I asked God, "Teach me how to pray.
" I was listening to Lyn Hammond and I was listening to the how to pray in the Holy Spirit by Lyn Hammond, sister Lyn Hammond.
She is a living word up in Minnesota.
And I listened to these tapes over and over.
My mom got them at a convention and I listened to them over and over again.
And I said, "Father, I want to learn how to pray like this, too.
" I was praying and my brother and I shared bunk beds.
And the power of God hit my head with fire and my ears and my head felt like I was on fire and I started seeing the spirit for the first time.
And I saw a major vision and I didn't know what I was seeing and it freaked me out.
So I ran out of the room and I told my mom and my dad, I said, "Listen, this is what I'm seeing.
" And I told them, we lived in Fort Worth, Texas at the time.
My mom and dad were going to Jerry Savelle's Bible School.
And that was my first vision.
I was working at Albertson's.
I sacked groceries.
So I learned how to pray and do all that then.
And then I started working at a ministry and I started listening to them, how to pray, and the Lord said, "I'm going to give you mantels to pray.
" And then the Reinhard Bonnke came to a staff meeting.
And Reinhard Bonnke called people and said, "Do you want to—I feel in my heart to pray for people.
" And whenever he came to me, he said, the Lord said, he said, "I'm going to put a double portion of the anointing on my life on you.
" And he laid hands on me.
And the power of God knocked me on my hindy.
And I felt electricity go through my body when Reinhard Bonnke prayed for me.
I can even tell you where I was standing.
I was standing on the left-hand side of the stage.
I walked up where it was by the baptismal area and there were so many people wanting to go up to the front to get prayed for.
And when he laid his hands on me, the fire of God went through my body and whenever that all happens, everything started changing with me.
That's when things really started taking off after Reinhard Bonnke prayed for me.
If anybody knows who Reinhard Bonnke is.
And so then another part of it was when I went to another meeting in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, there was a man named Ralph Wilkerson.
He had Melodyland Christian Center and he was with Kathryn Kuhlman.
And he saw me and he gave me a prophetic word and he said, "God has put his hand on you and you have the same kind of a mantle like Kathryn Kuhlman and another man.
" And he said, "I want to lay hands on your hands and he said, there's an impartation of a double portion on my life on you.
" So he put his hands on my hands and the fire of God hit my hands like a matchstick.
And I can still feel it every once in a while.
I don't feel it very often, but whenever it does, I lay hands on people and they get healed.
Now the Lord has recently been talking to me about it again and saying that there's something major fixing to happen with this, but it's only been in spurts.
But when it comes on, like I told you about the boy's face, other people and angels come in and they minister to the people around me.
But that has not happened a lot.
What the man that got brand new lungs, things like that, but it's only been progressive.
And when I touched the dogs and they raised the dogs from the dead, when the dogs came back from the dead, that was amazing.
But I've only seen that big creative miracles like that happen like four or five.
Well, what is it?
More than that.
It's been several times 'cause I laid hands on Diana on something.
Power of God went to her and she was completely healed immediately.
And that was really cool when it happened for my wife.
But that was after Ralph Wilkerson prayed for me.
And they're Oral Roberts.
So other than that, you know, I try—you know, it's like what do you do with that?
You know, they're just men.
I'm thankful for every one of them.
They're not—both of them are not here anymore.
But I was thankful and grateful for the people who have prayed for me and were obedient to what the Lord called them to do.
And so you just put it on a shelf until the Lord calls it out.
I don't focus on it.
I just keep praying and doing what he's asked me to do.
Now, I know that there'll be more things happening for my ministry in the days ahead 'cause he told me this won't always be my ministry.
What does intimacy with God look like?
Oh, that's beautiful.
Now, that's a good question.
What does intimacy with God look like?
Raw.
It's not rehearsed.
It's not religious.
It's just vulnerable.
Vulnerable is intimacy with the father.
When you go to him just as you are, he knows everything that you're going to say before you're going to say it.
So don't pretend that he doesn't know you're going to say it or be fake.
He already knows you've had a bad day.
He already knows if you're mad at him.
So just be real.
That's why I say out of intimacy with God, when you get real with God, God will become real to you.
That's why he's real with me.
I don't fake it.
There are no 'thee's and 'thou's.
It's not all this hype.
I just go to him broken, and I lay before his feet and I picture myself there.
I have an inward image of it, and I go there in my mind and I see him.
And I know a lot of you say, 'Well, I can't go there because I've never had that before, Brandon.
I don't have any vision of Jesus.
' But I didn't either.
I had it inside of my mind's eye.
I pictured it even before I knew what he looked like—that I'm going before him bold.
I've had a really crappy day and I'm going to him and I'm going to touch his garment and I'm not letting go until he blesses me.
When you get that desperation like you need air, like you need food, and there is so much desperation, that's when the intimacy comes out of it.
And a lot of my intimacy came because I was poor.
We didn't have money to pay our bills.
And I knew that they were going to cut my electricity off.
And I was desperate to get my electric paid.
When you're making hardly nothing and you're a janitor and you have a wife and kids and they're living on food stamps already, and you're looking at going and doing things and you don't have enough gas money to get to work, and you're thinking, 'How is this going to come to pass?
I've got to find Jesus right now.
' And my relationship was born out of a lot of pressure, a lot of pain, and a lot of hurt.
Megan was diagnosed with autism and I felt like I was having a breakdown.
And in that, he became real to me.
It was in the toilet cleaning.
It was in the window washing that Jesus became real to me because I just said, 'I'm doing everything I'm doing for you.
And if you never use me at all and I just clean this glass, every time somebody comes in here, I want them to be able to look at these floors and want to be able to eat off of them.
If they can look at this and they come in here and it's not a distraction to them, they come in here unsaved and it's not a distraction.
They come in this bathroom and they go, "This is the stinkiest church bathroom I've ever seen in my life.
The glass is out of control, the floors are all nasty, and I don't want to ever come back in here because these people are pigs.
" I thought, I don't want to be the cause of that.
So, I made sure it was always the best it was.
If Jesus was coming to church today, I want to make it look good for him.
And that's the only way I can make it.
I thought, if Jesus is coming...
so I know when that Sister clipboard's is coming here and she's going to fuss about things, I'm going to make it look good for her that maybe she's had a hard week and we're going to make it look as nice as we can for them.
And that's where the intimacy came out of.
I drove a long way to work.
Erica wants to go too, and she's like, 'Shut up.
Go turn whoever Eric is.
' I look at the comments.
So there you go.
If that's what I can answer some questions for y'all.
Sweet.
She got prayed for by it.
Do something with it.
I like that she has a cowboy hat.
Yeehaw!
Mary, I love cowboy hats.
You can go ride a horse.
Let's see here.
I'm concerned about New Madrid because I saw a lot of people die.
A lot of the southern houses over here are built on cinder blocks.
So they're not real stable on foundation homes.
A lot of the houses around here are all built on these concrete blocks.
So I don't know how good they would do with an 8.
4 earthquake.
Probably not real good.
I like horses.
I'm just scared because they're so big.
My dad raised Longhorn cows and they'll butcher them and sell their meat, Longhorn meat, stuff like that.
It's a pretty good deal on some organic beef.
And that's true organic beef.
I don't know if he's still doing that.
I should say that before people go, "Where do I find that meat?
" I don't want the emails.
I know he does it.
The Lord said you will not pray away the plague.
The Lord said you will lessen the plague.
And he said it will not affect you, believer, if you understand Psalm 91 and Psalm 23.
He said, 'I will hide you in the cleft of my rock, but you will have to know the word, for hard days are coming.
' That's what he said.
Shaking to awaken is coming.
You lessen it.
I don't know what that means because I saw hundreds of millions of people dying.
So that's why I come on here so intensely telling y'all you must understand who you are.
You must understand your covenant.
You must understand the believer's authority, Sister Billie Brim.
And not just read it once, but I'm talking about having a rhema word inside of you about who God is to you, of the authority of the believer.
Reading Ephesians, Brother Hagin's book on the authority of the believer, and get that word down inside of your heart because I've already told you all, very sobering days are coming.
I know a lot of people think that we're not going to be here for a lot of this stuff and that we're not going to see the tribulation or any of the birthing pains or whatever.
But even my dad was telling me even Rick Renner said—which I've not heard Rick say this, and by the way, that man is very brilliant about the word of God—Rick Renner said we are not going to go through tribulation, but a lot of people will think we're already in it, if I'm not butchering that.
But what I'm trying to tell you all is that we're seeing the beginning of sorrows, and this is what I'm going to tell y'all: most people—when the Lord told me, I said, 'Brandon, no one has a clue of how bad tribulation will really be other than by what the word says.
' But they're seeing a glimpse into tribulation when you're reading it.
But it's Monday through Friday, 24/7, seven days a week, 24 hours a day for seven years.
Three and a half years isn't as bad as the last three and a half, but all of it is tribulation, folks.
And what we're experiencing right now is pretty rough.
Don't you agree?
Some of the days we see, and this isn't the tribulation.
So when we get to the tribulation, it's literal hell on earth.
I saw it.
I was there.
Jesus took me from year to year and I saw a big portion of it.
And I'm telling you, it was hell on earth.
And it is scary.
And people have no concept of how bad tribulation truly will be.
I don't know about three days of darkness.
Now, there's a lot of people that talk about the three days of darkness, but I've never seen it.
Now, I've seen the power grids going down and all that.
So this plague will be laced with AI to go against prescription meds is what I saw.
And I'm telling you, it was created in a lab and they will release it with rats.
I've seen it how many times now?
Too many times.
We can't even count them all now.
I've seen the plague so many times, and I've seen the boils on people now.
I've seen the blisters.
I've seen what it does.
I've seen that once you get it, you go home.
Unless you understand who you are, I saw when they got it, they died.
They were not here no more.
It was COVID on steroids and it was bad.
What I saw coming in the natural, it is something of biblical proportions.
It looks like something out of the Bible.
And I'm telling you, I saw believers and non-believers getting this and they were gone.
It was just a couple of hours later; they were gone.
It was bad.
But it was intermingled with AI technology and they took part of the coronavirus.
They studied out of AI how to bring forth the bubonic plague, the Black Death.
I don't know how they did it, but they found it.
They brought it in with AI and they mingled it with COVID.
It was awful.
Every single time I see it, it's in the fall.
I saw January, February, March, April, and May highlighted.
And he said, "These right here is when you will need food because the factories will shut down.
" I saw a timeframe now—the year.
I'm still praying over it, but I know that it was in the winter and going into the fall.
I saw the span and I saw the clock ticking in front of my face.
And the Lord said, "January, February, March, April, and May," and I saw June.
I saw March was highlighted for the biggest part going to April and May, and then the kill zone rate started going down.
But that's when I saw President Trump interceding, and he was the president.
So can it change?
I don't know; I only see in part and hear in part.
But that's why I believe we have 6,100 people here to pray against this right now.
We can pray against it and believe God, but I'm just telling you what I keep seeing over and over again.
I saw about the water because I even told people in authority over this.
People said, "Brandon, did you tell people?
" Yes, I have told people in authority about the terrorists trying to poison our waters.
I saw a mass grave that was massive, with body bags laying all in it.
The terrorists poisoned the water plants and there were so many bodies—over 23 million people passed away—and I saw them buried in one big grave.
I've tried to tell everybody these people are sick.
That's why I believe God has joined us together to pray, because the Bible says, "If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then we will hear from heaven and he will heal our land.
" The only thing that's ever going to change this nation is Jesus Christ.
There is no Buddha.
There is no Muhammad.
Even President Trump can only do what he can do.
But the only thing that's going to save America is an awakening unto God and for the church to get off their "blessed assurance" and start preaching with a backbone like a crowbar and telling people that Jesus Christ is coming, and he's coming sooner than you think.
It's time for the church to wake up; we're running out of time.
I tell you this, there's so much corruption in the body of Christ.
God said, "I'm going to shake it out in 2026 for many ministers that you see will lose either their life or their platform in the days ahead if there's corruption.
" He said, "The gold, the girls, and the glory—I'll not share it.
If you're messing around with finances or you're not doing right with the money in the church," all these major things he said he's going to shake.
He said, "Brandon, I'm bringing in new Davids and new Esthers, people who will be pure before me, for to whom much is given, much is required.
" I say this over and over because he tells me and warns me.
I saw the storm again today on the east and he said, "Brandon, D-Day is here.
D-Day is here as you see them bust poor people with what I told you is coming.
" I pray with all my heart that New Year's Eve isn't crazy.
I pray that this all falls apart—that all the plans of the wicked are brought to justice by our FBI, our NSA, or Homeland Security.
I'm believing God that he is going to expose the darkness for this nation, giving us a reprieve for one more push for a harvest of souls.
Every time we have a tragic event like Charlie Kirk...
and then how many weeks later, is the church still awake?
Why does it take a tragic event to stir the people up to pray or somebody losing their life for people to wake up out of their slumber?
It's sad.
Like 9/11, people wake up for a little bit and then go back into their complacency.
They get complacent again.
Thank you, son.
They go back into their complacency.
There's going to be a major UFO event, but they are demonic spirits.
There is no such thing as UFO aliens.
What you're about to see is going to be demonic.
It's not real ETs.
It's devils.
There are no spaceships from outer space coming down saying, "Hello, I'm ET.
" It's demonic by design, on purpose.
Go back to the ancient writings on the temples—the lizard people.
Seven different lineages of lizards through reptilian people.
The Lord warned us about these reptilians and he called them ant people.
When I went in the spirit, I saw seven different lineages on the seven different continents and I'm trying to bring back all I saw on the buildings in Egypt and with the Mayans.
It's Nephilim.
That's why I've said before that there's demonic stuff that we know not of, that people are hybrids.
Yes, I saw the royals.
I saw king demonic lizard people and they keep it in the bloodline.
It was in the Saudis, in South America, and in Asia.
I saw these lizard people and the Lord said that stuff's still around.
"Brandon, do you understand?
" He said they preserve it.
He talked about ant people, people underground, people in the water—strange stuff, folks.
Then I got in contact with Paul Begley, and Mike From Around the World talks about this stuff.
I try not to touch stuff like this.
Remember the video about the lizard people?
They're trying to warn us of something from the days of Noah—that history repeats itself.
What the Lord said was on the walls.
I put the clip on X.
It's part of the end times.
Demonic stuff goes on with the elite societies that people don't even know about.
They're not elite; they're demonically energized and filled by the devil.
The more this goes on, they'll come out of the woodwork soon.
Let's pray.
This pulls a lot on you all.
Is that pretty good?
I hope you enjoyed that.
I never do that; I usually do it at the beginning.
I thought we talked about it, but I want you to get ready for what's coming.
You need to really have your eyes open and have discernment.
Not everything that says it's good is good.
Not every person that says they're good is good.
You need to have discernment on who you're listening to.
The Bible says that there will be many false prophets.
There will be many people with itching ears.
Men will be lovers of themselves.
Remember this.
We're seeing all this happen right in front of our faces, and all we need to do right now is make sure we're going vertical.
Keep looking to Jesus, folks.
He has all the answers.
I don't have all the answers.
No other prophetic voice that says they do has them all.
The only one that you can know and trust is this beautiful book called the Bible.
The Bible.
This one's waterproof; Diana got this for me.
You can take this outside and read it in the rain and it won't mess up.
I think it's neat.
She said, 'I got you a treat.
' You can actually submerge this in water and it won't mess up.
I got it for one of my family members in case they get left in the end times.
I got this so they could have it for their cave because they're going to burn the Bibles really fast.
I was trying to think of things that they could take if they have to bury it, and it won't mess up.
This Bible that we have will tear up really easily, but this Bible is really hard.
You can't even tear the pages or wrinkle it.
It's very hard to tear it up.
I bet it would be hard for them to burn, too.
Well, it probably could burn easily, but it's waterproof.
She got it on Amazon, so I thought, 'Hey, why not?
' You can dump water on it.
I'll show you.
See?
It wipes right off and it's still dry.
Pretty neat, huh?
I thought I got it on my carpet.
I try to think outside the box because I've seen so much, and I always try to think about people that get left.
I go, 'Oh, man, they're going to have a hard time.
We have to make it easier for them.
Let's get them a waterproof Bible.
' Maybe have some yeast for the bread and the tower gardens.
But I feel the anointing of the Holy Spirit right now.
Isn't that interesting?
Father, we just thank You.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for Your body that was broken for us.
If there's anything You want us to see now—what time is it?
It's getting late.
Father, I thank You for the body.
I thank You, Father, that You've healed me and made me whole.
I thank You for my family and for protection.
I thank You, Father, that You watch over us.
I thank You, Lord, that no matter how much persecution—You said we would be persecuted for the Word's sake—nobody has all the answers.
Nobody knows everything, but Father, the parts that we do know, we do our best at sharing.
Even that could be off, but at least we're trying.
As long as we're seeking You, Father, I've learned to maintain humility.
Do not get off in left field.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for true humility, not for false humility trying to convince people that you're humble.
True humility is displayed by the Holy Ghost.
You know it versus ones that don't.
I thank You, Father, for everybody represented here tonight.
I thank You that You took care of all of us on that cross, and what You did was beautiful.
We give You all the glory, honor, and praise, Father, for healing our bodies tonight in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Lord, we thank You for the blood.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
I apply the blood over us.
We thank You, Father, for the blood, for Your goodness, and for Your mercy.
We plead the blood over us and cover ourselves in the blood.
When you make much of the blood, the blood makes much of you.
We thank You, Lord—uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Father, I ask You to speak through my vocal cords and think through my mind.
None of me and all of You.
I plead the blood over my eyes that if there's anything You want to show us tonight to warn us of that which is to come, Father, I'm here for You.
If not, it's okay.
Either way, Lord, we put ourselves in Your hand.
We thank You, Lord, that You've called us and chosen to use us for such a time as this.
We bless everybody that's here tonight in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
Take the blood.
You know, it's my favorite topic.
Braden and I talk a lot about this and the things the Lord shows me about the Nephilim and the thousand-year reign.
He shows me a lot, and that's Braden's favorite topic.
He loves to go over the sci-fi things, the way-out-there stuff, because it's stuff I can't explain.
The things I see about what happens after the thousand years is over, the Lord will allow me to see.
I've only had one really cool experience of that, but I know when the thousand years is over, He has so much for us to do.
We're just barely getting started at a thousand years, and most people think it's all over.
Well, what happens after that?
The Bible doesn't say.
That's why Brandon doesn't talk about it, because I can't back it with scripture, and people will throw you under a bus.
So I try to stay away from the things I see.
We'll see what the Lord does here.
I know what I've seen, though, so I stand by it.
All glory to Jesus.
Do you all want to go tubing for a little bit?
Or we can call it a night.
I've already been on here an hour and 35 minutes.
Did they enjoy that?
I don't know what to do with this other than we can just pray.
I've got your phone; I can look.
It's our turn to go tubing.
Yes.
Okay, well, that's fine.
At least they like to pray.
I have slow mode on too.
Nowhere in the Bible does it say that your partner will automatically be saved.
All must profess.
If your unsaved loved one does not confess Jesus Christ as their Lord and personal Savior, they're in trouble.
They can't go by your revelation in your relationship.
You must know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior by yourself.
You will stand before the Father; no one else will stand for you.
You must know Jesus Christ personally.
Every single person, even my son, even my daughter, you must know Jesus for yourself.
It's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment.
No man without Jesus Christ will go before the Father.
Unless a man is born again, he cannot enter the kingdom of God.
He is the only way to the Father.
Not Buddha, not Muhammad, not any other thing.
Jesus is the only way.
No false god in India—only Jesus.
The Bible does not say we are learning.
It's funny because I don't realize how many people have so many different theologies and beliefs until I start looking at things.
What is your question with fireworks?
She didn't ask a question.
Fireworks.
I don't see a question.
Answer: What is tubing?
I'm not familiar with this channel.
Tubing is—I always call it like going down the river with Jesus.
It's like a lazy river.
Going tubing is like when you get in the river of life and you're praying.
It's my way of having fun; I always call it "tubing" in my house.
"We're going to go tubing; let's go pray.
" When you go in the lazy river in Oklahoma—we have rivers, so people go tubing—they get their inner tube and a soda.
Usually, rednecks get beers and listen to their waterproof radio.
They go out there with their waders on, hanging out, fishing, and going noodling to catch catfish.
So it's just a way of saying we're going to go tubing; it's fun.
We're going to go hang out with Jesus.
Yes, all the children under 20, until the age of accountability, which is 15—I saw all of them were taken in the Rapture.
The parents were hysterical, trying to find their kids, but anybody above the age of 15 who didn't accept Jesus Christ was left.
The kids were all taken—children who were not yet at the age of accountability.
There are a lot of questions.
I try to catch some every once in a while; I like some of them, and some I just ignore.
It goes fast.
Please like and subscribe.
A lot of people thought it was 3i, and that's when I saw into it and kept seeing that thing come, but the Lord said it's not 3i.
It's what's coming.
This is like birthing pains, like an appetizer.
Everybody's focused on it, but it's a distraction.
The Lord said this will end up turning into nothing, but it's what's coming that they're not paying attention to.
They're not talking about the major event that's about to take place.
That's why he said to go back to the Oral Roberts video, "The Last Call.
" Brazil was on the water, and I saw a major revival coming to Brazil—that's on the lower side.
And then, what was the other one?
Oh, Chile.
How do you sow to the thousand-year reign?
What do you mean, financially, to get a better position in the thousand-year reign?
Do everything you do in word and in deed to the glory of God.
If you are doing it for show—well, those who sow in private will reap openly.
Everything you do, do unto God, but don't do it for man's praise.
If you get praise here, you won't get praise there.
You must do it when nobody is watching you and without wanting them to give you applause.
If I got applause here, you aren't getting applause there; it's for the thousand years.
I try to do everything—even the bathrooms.
Do something that is really detested by your flesh.
Maybe you don't like mowing the grass or pulling weeds; go do it for the church and don't ask for any kind of reward or tell anybody about it.
"Look at me!
I just want to let you all know I volunteered at the church and gave my time to the nursery.
" I want everybody to know I was special at the nursery and did all this for free for the last 10 years.
Don't tell anybody; I did it for Jesus.
I picked up the trash in the parking lot and did it for Him.
I was the golf cart guy that brought people up from the front when it was cold.
I was out there waving my stick, parking cars when it was freezing, but I didn't ask for praise from anybody.
Or I gave this to the homeless guy on the side of the road and didn't have my camera out so I could put it on social media how great I was: "Look at this guy, he's really hurting.
Let me get him some McDonald's.
Oh, brother, aren't you having a hard time?
" And they're filming it and putting it on YouTube to get likes, subscribers, and comments.
It's baloney.
Do it without having people tell you how great you are.
Who cares?
Deflect.
The more you deflect and bring the glory to Him, doing it out of humility rather than pride, the more you'll get rewarded in the thousand-year reign.
It's sad; they don't teach that at church because people don't know what the thousand years is.
So yes, still the weird twilight and the birds.
Brandon, do you remember the weird twilight, the birds, and the deer acting different?
The breeding patterns?
I still think about that.
Something is going to happen with the sun.
There's going to be some kind of haze over the Earth's atmosphere.
I saw that the animals and the migrations in the days ahead will be altered.
They'll start breeding when they're not supposed to.
For example, the rut for deer in Oklahoma is usually in November, but I saw them starting to breed and having the rut in September.
That throws off the babies when they're born; you want spring babies, not winter babies.
It's dangerous for the mama deer.
I saw the birds migrating too early.
I saw a haze and it messed with people's minds—you know how people overcome sadness?
I saw the fog; it made the plants stop growing right and threw the cycle of life off.
No boasting.
Keep your boasting to none.
You have to seek Jesus without having people tell you how great you are.
Jesus is great.
Do I think college is worth it?
It depends.
Diana has a Master's degree.
She graduated Summa Cum Laude.
She graduated top of her class for both her Bachelor's and her Master's and is still the smartest person I've ever met.
But she only uses it every once in a while.
What is God telling you to do?
Do you feel God has told you to go to college?
If you're doing it to make money, I would not do that.
I would pursue God and ask Him what He wants to do with my life before I have some harebrained idea like, "I think I'm going to be an architect.
" Was that God?
No, that's flesh.
Everything you do, pray and fast and ask God what you're supposed to do.
Now, will she use her degree in the future for our ministry?
Yes.
I know why God told her to do that now.
Back then, I thought, "What in the world are we doing this for?
" At the time, I thought we were doing church finances, but now our church is online.
This is our church, and we're believing God for partners, but I've never asked for a dime.
I know that eventually we'll have a congregation or a big ministry and she'll use it.
We see what God is doing, and this has really taken off now.
Do I feel that college is worth it?
I personally think there are a lot of other things you can do to be an entrepreneur without going to school.
It's a hard question.
A lot of people feel if you don't get a good education, you won't get the better jobs and become CEOs.
But you're talking to a guy who barely has a GED.
I 70% agree with you.
Trade schools are better investments.
Learning a trade, like being a mechanic or an electrician, is a good idea.
As I've said, you're talking to a man who has to really study even to read or do math.
I would have loved to be smart like Diana and be a doctor or a lawyer, but God wanted me to do what I'm doing, and I'm thankful for what He has me doing now—praying with you and doing eBay and Poshmark.
I saw the guy making arks.
He's off.
The Bible says that He will not flood the earth again.
From what I understand, he's saying there's going to be a major flood again.
There will be no major flood.
God said He's going to judge the earth with fire.
The Bible says that after the ark and the flood, He made the rainbow to promise He wouldn't flood the earth again.
If you think the earth is going to be flooded again, you're not reading your Bible.
The Bible says He's not flooding the earth again; the next time will be by fire.
So don't build an ark saying God told you a flood's coming, because there isn't one coming.
We'll have small floods, but He's not flooding the whole earth.
That's not biblical.
I think Bible college is a great idea.
I would go to RU.
I think OU is a great school to support, like Rhema.
We sell things we find at thrift stores on eBay and Poshmark.
We have relationships with thrift stores.
You can sell anything on eBay, but I think anything you can put in a poly mailer is a good idea.
Boxes are hard and take a lot of work to pack, but poly mailers are easy.
Just drop the item in there and ship it off.
We put a lot on there today; that was fun.
I guess people like asking questions.
I don't believe in Ozempic.
The Lord told me to stay away from it.
I was going to do it, but the Lord said no.
If it helps you, that's fine, but I'm not a doctor and can't give medical advice.
He told me personally not to take Ozempic, even though I'm always looking for a shortcut because I like food.
Father, I thank You for the time we have right now.
We're going to go tubing, and I dedicate this time to You.
I'm sure some will be upset because it's been going for two hours, but we'll pray for a little bit; it doesn't matter.
Father, I thank You for every question they have.
Many people are hungry and desperate for answers.
There aren't enough pastors who put themselves out there to answer the hard things.
Lord, I try.
I may not have all the answers, but I know what You've told me on some of it.
I thank You that I do my best.
Many people are looking for leadership in these last days.
Father, I thank You that You raise up leaders with a backbone like a crowbar who do not sway from the hard things.
Even if they don't know the answer, they can just say they don't know.
Just like Kathryn Kuhlman said, 'I don't have the answer for that.
' It's okay to say, 'I don't know.
' Billy tells me all the time, 'It's okay to say I don't know.
' Father, we worship You.
We sit at Your feet, Lord.
What is happening on the earth right now with all these shootings and everything else?
Father, is there more we can alert people to?
You lead, we follow.
Father, we call forth the rain over the area.
He said, 'I'm taking you back to what I showed you several weeks ago.
' The spinning of the black and yellow on the little hypnotic wheel.
I see the United States flag.
On the hypnotic wheel, it's black and yellow.
I'm down in Cuba again.
On the side of a barrel is a black and yellow hazard sign.
Don't lose focus.
What in the world?
I've never seen that before.
I see an island with red stuff coming off it that looks like thick blood.
It's lava.
Braden, are there active or dormant volcanoes in the Caribbean, like in St.
Martin or St.
Thomas?
I see these volcanoes getting ready to erupt and becoming active.
I see the lava because I'm in the Caribbean.
I see Cuba.
I saw that thing again, and then I saw lava flowing.
There was no pier for people to run on these islands.
The lava was pouring into the ocean, causing a lot of steam.
It was a massive amount of lava.
It's a smaller island, not a big one.
The lava is all over the north side.
Looking from Florida toward Cuba, the island is behind Cuba.
The eruption and the lava flow are moving toward the north side, heading toward America.
Does that make sense?
There are dark-skinned people on this island; they aren't Hispanic.
I see a wooden cross in the jungle with some kind of drapery over it.
It's a stick cross wrapped with twine.
They wrapped a banana leaf around it, so it looks like a makeshift kite, but it's actually a grave marker.
Now, this is interesting.
I see an old black Bible with gold letters.
It's on the island with the people.
Lord, what are You showing me about this person sitting with this Bible next to the grave?
There are believers there.
I see a believer.
They're holding a holy Bible and it's precious to them.
They look like island people.
You would say they're natives, native island people.
They live there.
You know what I'm talking about?
Of course.
I'm not trying to make it up; I can see them.
It's more like an island vibe.
There are structured huts.
It's not modern because there's a dirt path.
I see this dirt path and this individual is holding this Bible and they're looking at this cross.
It's a makeshift grave.
It looks old.
It doesn't look like that big of a grave.
It might be a dog grave or an animal grave because the mound is pounded up.
They're sitting by and they have their Bible marked.
The Lord said, 'You're looking into the future.
What's to come?
' I hear him.
'What's to come?
' This is about that virus.
Hold to God.
Hurry.
Open the door.
It's time for you to pray.
Stay open.
There's lots more to come for you to see.
Grow.
You must grow.
You must not lose your focus.
Listen to me.
They're burning them.
I see the burning.
They're burning them because of the disease.
the cadavers, they're burning them in big fires.
They're stuck in these walls and they have the bodies in there, incinerating them on the island.
That would seem so uncivilized.
Who would do that?
There are tribal people on this.
I see these people.
They're like grass tiki huts looking things.
They had the Bible and there's a believer in there.
You don't know.
The Lord just said, 'You don't know the desperation of what you're about to see.
Hold fast to what I say.
Woe to the itching ears today.
' You must know your authority.
You must know who you are in Christ for the days ahead.
You must be baptized in the Holy Ghost, praying in the spirit.
Stir yourself in the Holy Ghost.
Listen to him, all that he has to say.
Sit at his feet each day.
Learn to be in the intimacy.
Learn to flow in the intimacy.
You must be in the intimacy.
Listen.
Learn to pray.
Lean.
The snake I can see is lean and lean.
This is clear down in South America.
I see where it joins up with Mexico right there or Panama.
I see there's trouble here.
All in that area.
Is that Guatemala?
I see Guatemala should touch his shoulder.
This is interesting because this time I see a green snake.
I see a green snake with yellow eyes.
It's not like the python that came around America.
This is a green snake.
I'm talking about a neon green, a vibrant green.
It's not a thick snake; it's a skinny looking snake.
And it sticks its head up right there by Guatemala.
It has a white belly.
I see the grave.
I see the Bible.
Is it the islands, Lord?
You show me the islands on this.
Is this two separate visions?
I saw the islands.
I saw the plague.
Are these all separate events?
It's about getting in the water.
I see them gathering water off the trees from the rain.
There's a guttering system coming down off these rocks.
It's an irrigation system.
The water's going down and they have it tied with vine.
This vine is wrapping around this makeshift gutter system.
And they're drinking it.
Something's wrong with the water.
It has to be because there's a snake there.
Are you saying the water's poisonous?
Father, are we praying for those people with the Bible?
Are they sick?
Father, they need help.
Is that what's coming?
Something wrong with the water?
Hurry.
I call every one of them saved.
We call every one of them saved.
I call that tribe, that little village, saved.
Father, I thank you that you're sending in the missionaries.
Now I see David Hogan's face, with the beard.
I see David Hogan and he's talking to these people.
We're praying for the harvest of the tribal people there, the jungle people.
We're praying into that harvest.
And then I saw Heidi.
I see the people that are out in the bush areas, in these island areas, praying for the harvest and the people in the areas not modernized.
Send the laborers.
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Pray.
You will see people not full of religion, but with the glory and the fire of God to drive out the sicknesses, to drive out the devil, laying hands on the demonic possessed and oppressed and seeing them recover.
People with a backbone like a crowbar, with the glory of the Lord.
We will reach these people.
Stir in the churches.
Stir in the people again.
Stir in the lukewarm.
Father, stir in them in the name of Jesus.
Shake them and awaken them.
Father, bring in the harvest.
We receive.
We thank you, Father.
Bringing them all in with the Holy Ghost and fire.
Authentic move of God taking us higher.
Shaking the preachers, shaking the church.
Shake them.
Waken them.
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Bring him in, Father.
Thank you, Father.
And all the islands will experience the glory.
And a major revival will take place in Ireland.
We call forth Ireland to have a major revival.
I see Ireland is highlighted; the Lord said to bring a revival to Ireland.
There is a lot of demonic stuff going on there—it is Celtic.
They are calling out so desperately for revival within the door of persecution of free speech.
The harvest is plentiful; the laborers are few.
I thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Father.
It is interesting because I see another cross on an old plaque that is cast iron.
It is like an old-looking iron with a circle around it.
There is a castle and old relics.
This is a place of great bondage of religion, an old way of thinking stuck on it.
God wants to bring a new way of thinking with a fountain, a well of water, coming up out of this place.
A lot of old religion and tradition; it is not even personal.
It is just religious tradition and Pharisee.
There is going to be a wave of glory stirring in individuals, in these youth—I am seeing people in their 20s—and it is going to be like the Upper Room experience.
And they are really going to try to persecute you for this—the 'old hats' with their old way of thinking.
But there is a new fire here in Ireland, and it will start with the 20-year-olds; they are just on fire.
I see a group of people: a girl and a boy.
The girl has red hair and fair skin, wearing a blue halter top with gold on it.
I see the boy; he has oily brown hair and wears what looks like a burlap shirt.
They are sitting there praying; I believe they are praying with us.
I can see them very clearly.
They are saying, 'The revival will start with us.
' I agree with you.
Let the Lord lead you.
There is a group of you gathering and praying, and the Lord is going to use you, but you have a lot of Pharisees around you—a lot of elders always trying to hush you, saying, 'This is of the devil.
' But the Holy Ghost and fire are going to stir you.
You have gotten some good teaching and there is a stirring in you; God is going to use you.
I see old religious relics around you; it looks like a stone graveyard where Christians on fire come to die.
But you are going to change that.
I can hear it: 'This is where Christians on fire come to die.
' In this area, if you are on fire, you do not stay on fire because of these people in black with rope belts, like monks.
But the revival will start with you.
He will use you for a great explosion of glory if you just yield.
It is all hands on deck, ladies and gentlemen.
I am telling you, He wants to do something huge in Ireland.
He is talking about Ireland tonight.
I can see your flag.
He has not forgotten Ireland.
It is not mentioned very much, not even in our materials.
But the Lord said, 'I have not forgotten Ireland.
' It seems very cold and damp with a demonic spirit over there, but you have authority over that—no more.
I see meetings being held.
Even the religious government will try to hush this and persecute you.
But you will stand even in persecution, and people's lives will be changed.
It will come even through persecution, but lives will change.
I see a storm around it; it is trying to get you weary in well-doing.
Should we just quit?
No.
He is going to breathe into you when the time gets even harder.
I see a group of you with curly hair.
You say, 'We do not have any money,' but the Lord will provide.
Glory to God.
Father, I thank You.
We just undergird these people.
We pray for them right now that they will have boldness and not shy back.
They will stand in the name of Jesus.
When adversity comes against them, they will stand.
I thank You, Father, that the glory of the Lord is on them and no weapon formed against them shall prosper; religious spirits flee when they see the fire, in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Father.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord.
Well, that was interesting.
We prayed for three or four different places tonight, didn't we?
We prayed for Guatemala, the Highlands, Cuba...
we saw the spinning gyroscope again concerning the biological weapon.
We saw Ireland, a volcano, and what looked like a plague at the beginning.
There are a lot of things splintered in different ways: calling for the harvest, praying for David and his teams, praying for a major revival in the islands for Guatemala.
He is talking about how the harvest is plentiful but the laborers are few.
What I saw looked like the jungle in Guatemala.
I saw a snake and things for drinking water in those mountains.
Do people live out there?
I have no idea, but these people look like hut people, not modern.
Anyone drinking rainwater off a tree is not modern.
I am tired.
I am glad we started early tonight; I should not have answered so many questions, but it is different today.
They were saying that in your tongues, you were speaking about volcanoes in the water in Spanish.
I said maremoto, which means 'seaquake.
' That is what you were saying.
I was seeing an earthquake and lots of volcanoes.
Two people said that is what it meant.
So, maremoto, huh?
Volcanoes and a lot of fire; I saw the island and the people had nowhere to go—a seaquake.
We thank You, Father, for showing us what is to come.
He said, 'This is coming; it isn't here yet.
You're seeing the future.
' I saw the plague and people burning bodies.
There were so many dead; it looked like a big arched fire pit.
It was gross, but I couldn't see the bodies.
You don't know the desperation of what is coming.
He said it's sugarcoated Christianity.
It's time for the church to preach the truth, the fire of the Holy Ghost.
You must know your authority.
You must know the power of the authority of the believer in the days ahead.
People say, 'Oh well, we're not going to see anything.
' You're blind as a bat.
You must know the power and the authority of the believer by meditating on the word of God.
Get the word of God down inside of your heart.
Let it change you from the inside out.
You must know and have authority and walk in it, lay hands on the sick and see them recover, cast out devils, and raise the dead.
You have that power and authority on you.
You're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
Don't worry about everything else.
God will provide for you.
He'll take care of you and it will be fine.
I'm telling you all, I saw a major revival come to Ireland, but the Lord is focused on calling the laborers in tonight.
Father, we just thank you, Lord.
I know I probably talked way too long, Lord, but we're so grateful, Father, for all the time we prayed for the people that we did.
Light the torch.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, as you're stirring in our hearts today that we walk away, Father, with this uplifted and ready to conquer our day, Father, for this is the day that you have made and we will rejoice and be glad in it.
And everybody say amen and amen.
I had such a pull toward the people down there in Guatemala, that area.
It looks so shady where they were.
And then whenever I went to Ireland, it looked so damp and wet where these people were.
It looked cold, very cold.
And they didn't have money.
I could see a house and I could see out their window.
They had a window where they were praying.
It looked like an apartment or some kind of place.
Do you see that?
It looked just something like that.
That's exactly like that.
That's neat that you'd pull up that.
It looked like it was cold and dreary.
God bless them.
Thank you, Lord, that you stirred these people.
You bring a fire in them.
Set a fire down in my soul that I can't contain, that I can't control.
I want more of you, God.
Thank you, Father.
Well, thank you for joining us tonight, folks.
I know it was a three-hour long video.
I talked way too long at the beginning answering questions.
We should have prayed a lot more.
I hope those questions helped y'all.
I know it's just my opinion about things that the Holy Spirit showed me.
If you don't like what I'm saying, put it on a shelf.
I always try to be balanced and tell you what my heart is.
You're here and I appreciate every single one of you, almost 7,000 of you.
So, if you're new and you haven't liked or subscribed, click the like button.
Click subscribe, click the notification bell, and help us out.
We appreciate it.
We're trying to reach a million prayer warriors for Jesus.
We're praying for all the things that the Lord has for us in these end times.
And we know that Jesus Christ is coming soon.
He's coming back for a glorious church.
And he's coming back for a church that's not defeated.
We're not in retreat mode.
We're in take-the-land mode.
And I believe we're going to do mighty things for Jesus in these last days.
I tell you dark things, but it's not about the dark things.
The church isn't hunkering down and scared.
No, we have the victory.
Every time lately, the Lord says, 'Tell the people they have authority.
' You must know you have authority.
You're a believing believer.
You're not a doubter.
And we're not sad.
We're not scared.
We're not retreating.
We're taking the land for Jesus.
We have a backbone like a crowbar, and we're going to be victorious, not victims.
The sky is not falling, Chicken Little.
I believe the best days are yet to come for the body of Christ.
Walking in the glory.
As he is, so are we in this world.
We're not defeated.
We are victorious.
And I want you to have a smile on your face.
Look up.
Arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon you and me.
I believe it's time for us to rise and shine.
It's not time for us to go, 'Oh, no, woe is me.
' No, there's no woe is me.
It's about walking in the glory, walking in victory and letting the people see that we're salty.
We've not lost our saltiness.
So, thank you all for your support.
Thank you for your love for my family.
We appreciate every single one of you.
Well, we'll close out the video tonight by saying, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Thank you all.
God bless you.
See you tomorrow.
Bye-bye.